README.md, before:

# Vulnerable-Flask-App

# Hacktoberfest23

## What is Hacktoberfest?
A month-long celebration from October 1st - 31st to get people involved in [Open Source](https://github.com/open-source).

![HacktoberFest2023](https://github.com/Google-DSC-DMCE/Expense-Tracker-Hacktober2023/assets/98736611/b2548c4a-8940-40e7-bc07-49a7b663836f)


## Specifically for Hacktoberfest:

  Your PR must be created between October 1 and October 31 (in any time zone, UTC-12 thru UTC+14).
 
  Your PR must be made to a public, unarchived repository.
  
  



# 📌 Videos 📽️:

- [How to pull request [Overview]](https://youtu.be/DIj2q02gvKs)
- [Merge Conflict / comment](https://youtu.be/zOx5PJTY8CI)


# Contribution Rules📚:

- You are allowed to make pull requests that break the rules. We just merge it ;)
- Do NOT add any build steps e.g npm install (we want to keep this a simple static site)
- Do NOT remove other content.
- Styling/code can be pretty, ugly or stupid, big or small as long as it works
<!-- - Add your name to the contributorsList file. -->
- Try to keep pull requests small to minimize merge conflicts


## Getting Started 🤩🤗:


- Fork this repo (button on top)
- Clone on your local machine

```terminal
git clone https://github.com/Google-DSC-DMCE/Vulnerable-Flask-App.git
```
- Navigate to project directory.
```terminal
cd Vulnerable-Flask-App
```

- Create a new Branch

```markdown
git checkout -b my-new-branch
```

<!--- - Add your Name to `contributors/contributorsList.js`. -->

```markdown
git add .
```
- Commit your changes.

```markdown
git commit -m "Relevant message"
```
- Then push 
```markdown
git push origin my-new-branch
```


- Create a new pull request from your forked repository

<br>

## Installation steps for Project 

#### Install Live Server Extention in Visual Studio Code
#### Run index.html using Live Server

<br>

## Avoid Conflicts {Syncing your fork}

An easy way to avoid conflicts is to add an 'upstream' for your git repo, as other PR's may be merged while you're working on your branch/fork.   

```terminal
git remote add upstream https://github.com/Google-DSC-DMCE/Vulnerable-Flask-App
```

You can verify that the new remote has been added by typing
```terminal
git remote -v
```

To pull any new changes from your parent repo simply run
```terminal
git merge upstream/master
```

This will give you any eventual conflicts and allow you to easily solve them in your repo. It's a good idea to use it frequently in between your own commits to make sure that your repo is up to date with its parent.

For more information on syncing forks [read this article from Github](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork/).

Commit message:

updated readme file & added requirements.txt

README.md, after:

# Vulnerable-Flask-App
This project is created for Hacktoberfest, showcasing common security vulnerabilities like SQL injection. The purpose is to educate and create awareness among developers about the potential risks of insecure coding practices.

# Hacktoberfest23

## What is Hacktoberfest?
A month-long celebration from October 1st - 31st to get people involved in [Open Source](https://github.com/open-source).

![HacktoberFest2023](https://github.com/Google-DSC-DMCE/Expense-Tracker-Hacktober2023/assets/98736611/b2548c4a-8940-40e7-bc07-49a7b663836f)


## Specifically for Hacktoberfest:

  Your PR must be created between October 1 and October 31 (in any time zone, UTC-12 thru UTC+14).
 
  Your PR must be made to a public, unarchived repository.
  

# 📌 Videos 📽️:

- [How to pull request [Overview]](https://youtu.be/DIj2q02gvKs)
- [Merge Conflict / comment](https://youtu.be/zOx5PJTY8CI)

## Project Overview

The project demonstrates a vulnerable Flask web application that is susceptible to SQL injection attacks. It is designed for educational purposes only and should not be used in production environments. Developers can use this project to understand how SQL injection works and learn about best practices for securing web applications.

## Features

- Vulnerable Flask web application
- Simulated SQL injection attack scenarios
- Educational resources and documentation on preventing SQL injection



## Getting Started 🤩🤗:


- Fork this repo (button on top)
<br>
<br>
- Clone on your local machine

```terminal
git clone https://github.com/Google-DSC-DMCE/Vulnerable-Flask-App.git
```
- Navigate to project directory.
```terminal
cd Vulnerable-Flask-App
```

- Create a new Branch

```markdown
git checkout -b my-new-branch
```

<!--- - Add your Name to `contributors/contributorsList.js`. -->

```markdown
git add .
```
- Commit your changes.

```markdown
git commit -m "Relevant message"
```
- Then push 
```markdown
git push origin my-new-branch
```


- Create a new pull request from your forked repository

<br>

## Installation

1. Install Flask

```bash
  pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2. Run the Flask application.
```bash
  python main.py
```
3. Access the application in your web browser at 'http://localhost:5000'
<br>

## Avoid Conflicts {Syncing your fork}

An easy way to avoid conflicts is to add an 'upstream' for your git repo, as other PR's may be merged while you're working on your branch/fork.   

```terminal
git remote add upstream https://github.com/Google-DSC-DMCE/Vulnerable-Flask-App
```

You can verify that the new remote has been added by typing
```terminal
git remote -v
```

To pull any new changes from your parent repo simply run
```terminal
git merge upstream/master
```

This will give you any eventual conflicts and allow you to easily solve them in your repo. It's a good idea to use it frequently in between your own commits to make sure that your repo is up to date with its parent.

For more information on syncing forks [read this article from Github](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork/).

## Contact

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding the project, feel free to contact us at sharodubey1312@gmail.com.
